hey guys so I ordered the collectors
club grab bag from the briar website and
I decided to get grab bag number two I
don't know what the differences are and
it's a big surprise and I'm really
excited open this box something I get
started and see what's inside
first let's see what's left if Goodson
Goodson the celebration horse from last
year's progress you let's go riding the
election horse more the Racing's a bunch
a little mini when you surprise package
shameless the classic Mustang horse and
there's one more
his eyes are so adorable he's so cute
surprise pax to Toby cute another top of
me if it's another told me I swear oh
good it is a catchy Toby oh oh gee
alright so we've got a couple doubles of
the many whinnies that's all right they
are probably for sale look I'll get
there so yeah thanks for watching you
guys I hope you enjoyed it and I'm sure
excited for a bunch of the horses ones
I've either been looking for or really
safe yet so thanks for watching and I
will see
next time so here's the whole Hall I
will also post them unboxed well except
the ones that I'm not opening cuz it'll
be for sale but i'll show you the ones
that i actually open and i have a
mustang classic who will be for sale
shameless who will also be for sale be
let's go riding racing horse who will
also use yeah first we have some mini
whinnies this is Apache he's super
adorable this is the other side loves
Apache and this is Toby another very
cute little horse that's him and I have
little Minnie Winnie mini Congo Mini
Mini Mini Kong who then I have buckaroo
and he's super cute i love this mold so
much I just feel like briar ponies so
this is him he has very nice markings
actually and he does have some dappling
I don't know if you'll be able to see it
but he does have a little bit of apples
this is other side and see his dapples
there a little bit yeah that's him and
then on his belly he has briar fest 2013
so that's exciting and kind of cool and
his eyes are actually really cute if
he's never seen his eyes they're
adorable he just got a really cute face
so I'm really happy with him next up we
have goats in fan dika soul or whoever
you pronounce it
yay I actually really do like him on his
belly I don't know you can see that very
well but it says 25th anniversary breyer
fest 2014 so yeah I'm really happy I got
this guy because he's actually been on
my wish list for a while um cuz I
thought he was really pretty and I like
celebration models I'm hoping to get a
lot of the more recent in celebration
mode just for fun and then lastly we've
black caviar here's your staff it says
black caviar on it sir there's my cat in
the window so yeah a black caviar she
has a very very cute face I love her
face she is adorable and then on her
belly she also says black caviar so she
just has her name all over the place and
a little brand on her shoulder and i
love how dynamic this mold is it's so
pretty here sure other side and it
so yeah that's her I love her to death
and I'm so happy I got her I've wanted a
horse on the ruffian mold for a long
time so I'm very happy I finally got one
so yeah that is my stuff that I'm
keeping from my grab bag and the rest
will be for sale so if you're interested
you can comment below and I will give
you a link to my ebay because that is
where they will be up to say a lot so
let me know if you're interested and
like this video if you enjoyed seeing
what was inside it yeah so thanks for
watching please comment like and
subscribe to my channel for more model
horse related videos I